README.md, before:

# Fractionator

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://tetrau.github.io/fractionator">
    <img width="33%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tetrau/fractionator/master/images/logo.gif" />
  </a>
  <br />
  <a href="https://tetrau.github.io/fractionator">
    >> TRY IT <<
  </a>
</p>

Fractionator is an English learning tool for English language learners. 
Fractionator can create a word list sorted from least common words to most common 
words form input text so you can learn the vocabulary of a book or a movie ahead 
without spoilers and have a not-interrupted-by-dictionary reading or watching 
experiments.

To use Fractionator, click [Paste Text] button, then paste your input text or 
click [Choose File] button, choose a text file (.txt), or a subtitle file (.srt). 
Finally, click [Fractionate] button to see the fractionating result. Try It now 
by clicking the [Demo] button to see the fractionating result of some example text. 

Fractionator is free software, all text is processed locally on your browser 
without been uploaded to any servers.

All contributions are welcome, you can help to translate to another language, or
write a better instruction message, or make a better UI, or submit a bug report.
Anything is welcome.

## Tips
- You can download English subtitles for movies and TV shows from 
[OpenSubtitles](https://www.opensubtitles.org/).

## Acknowledgment
[`ECDICT`](https://github.com/skywind3000/ECDICT) is used to create [`public/dictionary.zh-CN.json`](/public/dictionary.zh-CN.json). 
[`ECDICT`](https://github.com/skywind3000/ECDICT) is a project created by [`skywind3000`](https://github.com/skywind3000).

# 分馏器·Fractionator 

[>> 来试试看吧 <<](https://tetrau.github.io/fractionator)

分馏器·Fractionator 是一个为英语学习者提供的英语学习工具。分馏器·Fractionator 可以从输入的
文本中提取出一个按照词频从最不常见到最常见的单词表。这样你就可以在不被剧透的情况下提前学习所有的
词汇，获得一个不被查字典打扰的阅读或观看体验。

点击【粘贴文本】按钮，然后黏贴想要分馏的文本，或者点击【选择文件】按钮，选择一个文本文档（.txt）
或字幕文档（.srt）来开始使用分馏器·Fractionator。当输入好文字或选择好文件时，点击【分馏】按钮
来查看分馏的结果。点击【演示】按钮用预设的样本文本来试一试分馏器·Fractionator 的效果。

分馏器·Fractionator 是一个自由软件，所有的文字处理都是在浏览器本地进行的，你所输入的任何的内容
都不会被上传。

欢迎大家为这个项目作出贡献。也欢迎各种贡献，你可以帮忙翻译到另一个语言，或者写一个更好到帮助文档，
或者做一个更漂亮到 UI，也可以帮忙给这个项目捉虫。什么都可以。

## 小贴士
- 你可以在 [OpenSubtitles](https://www.opensubtitles.org/) 找到几乎所有到英文字幕。

# 分餾器·Fractionator

[>> 來試試看吧 <<](https://tetrau.github.io/fractionator)

分餾器·Fractionator 是一個為英語學習者提供的英語學習工具。分餾器·Fractionator 可以從輸入的
文本中提取出一個按照詞頻從最不常見到最常見的單詞表。這樣你就可以在不被劇透的情況下提前學習所有的
詞彙，獲得一個不被查字典打擾的閱讀或觀看體驗。

點擊【粘貼文本】按鈕，然後黏貼想要分餾的文本，或者點擊【選擇文件】按鈕，選擇一個文本文檔（.txt）
或字幕文檔（.srt）來開始使用分餾器·Fractionator。當輸入好文字或選擇好文件時，點擊【分餾】按鈕
來查看分餾的結果。點擊【演示】按鈕用預設的樣本文本來試一試分餾器·Fractionator 的效果。

分餾器·Fractionator 是一個自由軟件，所有的文字處理都是在瀏覽器本地進行的，你所輸入的任何的內容
都不會被上傳。

歡迎大家為這個項目作出貢獻。也歡迎各種貢獻，你可以幫忙翻譯到另一個語言，或者寫一個更好到幫助文檔，
或者做一個更漂亮到 UI，也可以幫忙給這個項目捉蟲。什麼都可以。

## 小貼士
- 你可以在 [OpenSubtitles](https://www.opensubtitles.org/) 找到幾乎所有到英文字幕。

Commit message:

Update a better version of lemma mapping

README.md, after:

# Fractionator

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://tetrau.github.io/fractionator">
    <img width="33%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tetrau/fractionator/master/images/logo.gif" />
  </a>
  <br />
  <a href="https://tetrau.github.io/fractionator">
    >> TRY IT <<
  </a>
</p>

Fractionator is an English learning tool for English language learners. 
Fractionator can create a word list sorted from least common words to most common 
words form input text so you can learn the vocabulary of a book or a movie ahead 
without spoilers and have a not-interrupted-by-dictionary reading or watching 
experiments.

To use Fractionator, click [Paste Text] button, then paste your input text or 
click [Choose File] button, choose a text file (.txt), or a subtitle file (.srt). 
Finally, click [Fractionate] button to see the fractionating result. Try It now 
by clicking the [Demo] button to see the fractionating result of some example text. 

Fractionator is free software, all text is processed locally on your browser 
without been uploaded to any servers.

All contributions are welcome, you can help to translate to another language, or
write a better instruction message, or make a better UI, or submit a bug report.
Anything is welcome.

## Tips
- You can download English subtitles for movies and TV shows from 
[OpenSubtitles](https://www.opensubtitles.org/).

## Acknowledgment
[`ECDICT`](https://github.com/skywind3000/ECDICT) is used to create 
[`public/dictionary.zh-CN.json`](/public/dictionary.zh-CN.json) 
and [`src/compact_lemma_mapping.json`](/src/compact_lemma_mapping.json). 
[`ECDICT`](https://github.com/skywind3000/ECDICT) is a project created by 
[`skywind3000`](https://github.com/skywind3000).

# 分馏器·Fractionator 

[>> 来试试看吧 <<](https://tetrau.github.io/fractionator)

分馏器·Fractionator 是一个为英语学习者提供的英语学习工具。分馏器·Fractionator 可以从输入的
文本中提取出一个按照词频从最不常见到最常见的单词表。这样你就可以在不被剧透的情况下提前学习所有的
词汇，获得一个不被查字典打扰的阅读或观看体验。

点击【粘贴文本】按钮，然后黏贴想要分馏的文本，或者点击【选择文件】按钮，选择一个文本文档（.txt）
或字幕文档（.srt）来开始使用分馏器·Fractionator。当输入好文字或选择好文件时，点击【分馏】按钮
来查看分馏的结果。点击【演示】按钮用预设的样本文本来试一试分馏器·Fractionator 的效果。

分馏器·Fractionator 是一个自由软件，所有的文字处理都是在浏览器本地进行的，你所输入的任何的内容
都不会被上传。

欢迎大家为这个项目作出贡献。也欢迎各种贡献，你可以帮忙翻译到另一个语言，或者写一个更好到帮助文档，
或者做一个更漂亮到 UI，也可以帮忙给这个项目捉虫。什么都可以。

## 小贴士
- 你可以在 [OpenSubtitles](https://www.opensubtitles.org/) 找到几乎所有到英文字幕。

# 分餾器·Fractionator

[>> 來試試看吧 <<](https://tetrau.github.io/fractionator)

分餾器·Fractionator 是一個為英語學習者提供的英語學習工具。分餾器·Fractionator 可以從輸入的
文本中提取出一個按照詞頻從最不常見到最常見的單詞表。這樣你就可以在不被劇透的情況下提前學習所有的
詞彙，獲得一個不被查字典打擾的閱讀或觀看體驗。

點擊【粘貼文本】按鈕，然後黏貼想要分餾的文本，或者點擊【選擇文件】按鈕，選擇一個文本文檔（.txt）
或字幕文檔（.srt）來開始使用分餾器·Fractionator。當輸入好文字或選擇好文件時，點擊【分餾】按鈕
來查看分餾的結果。點擊【演示】按鈕用預設的樣本文本來試一試分餾器·Fractionator 的效果。

分餾器·Fractionator 是一個自由軟件，所有的文字處理都是在瀏覽器本地進行的，你所輸入的任何的內容
都不會被上傳。

歡迎大家為這個項目作出貢獻。也歡迎各種貢獻，你可以幫忙翻譯到另一個語言，或者寫一個更好到幫助文檔，
或者做一個更漂亮到 UI，也可以幫忙給這個項目捉蟲。什麼都可以。

## 小貼士
- 你可以在 [OpenSubtitles](https://www.opensubtitles.org/) 找到幾乎所有到英文字幕。
